Script editor debugger - experimental (#2087)
elyra-ai/elyra: docs/source/user_guide/enhanced-script-support.md

To run your script locally, select the `Python 3` option in the dropdown menu, and click the `Run` icon.

> ## Python script debugging support - experimental

Reviewer: To be consistent with the heading format of the existing Scala heading

```suggestion
## Python script debugging support (experimental)
```

Elyra users can now expand their development experience and start debugging scripts from the Python Editor.

> In this experimental stage we provide an integration between [Elyra's Script Editor](https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra/tree/main/packages/script-editor) and the existing [JupyterLab's debugger](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user/debugger.html), allowing basic debugging tasks such as setting breakpoints to Python scripts, inspecting variables and navigating the call stack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this experimental stage we provide an integration between [Elyra's Script Editor](https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra/tree/main/packages/script-editor) and the existing [JupyterLab debugger](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user/debugger.html), allowing basic debugging tasks such as setting breakpoints, inspecting variables and navigating the call stack.
```

> Elyra extends JupyterLab's visual debugger which can be visible and enabled from the editor's toolbar if a kernel with debugger support is installed and selected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Elyra extends JupyterLab's visual debugger which will be visible and enabled in the editor's toolbar if a kernel with debugger support is installed and selected.
```

> Currently only the Jupyter kernels below are known to support the Jupyter Debug Protocol, the first two for Python programming language:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently only the Jupyter kernels below are known to support the Jupyter Debug Protocol, the first two for the Python programming language:
```

- [ipykernel](https://github.com/ipython/ipykernel) (6.0+)
- [xeus-python](https://github.com/jupyter-xeus/xeus-python)
- [xeus-robot](https://github.com/jupyter-xeus/xeus-robot)

> To list installed kernels run

Reviewer: for clarity ...

```suggestion
To list installed kernels run in a terminal window
```

> To list installed kernels run in a terminal window

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To list installed kernels run the command below in a terminal window:
```

```bash
jupyter kernelspec list
```

Once a kernel with supporting debugger is selected, the debugger can be enabled by clicking the bug button in the editor's toolbar. A sidebar will display a variable explorer, the list of breakpoints, a source preview and buttons to navigate the call stack.

> The user sets breakpoints from the editor's UI, the `Run` button executes the script, and visual markers will indicate where the current execution has hit a breakpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The user can set breakpoints from the editor's UI and then click the `Run` button to execute the script. Visual markers will indicate where the current execution has hit a breakpoint.
```

![Debugger usage](../images/debugger.gif)

Since Elyra's Python debugging support is experimental, [here](https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra/pull/2087) you can find a list of known issues.
For feedback, bug reports and enhancement suggestions, before opening an issue in Elyra's repository, please also check [existing debugger issues open in JupyterLab](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Apkg%3Adebugger).

> ### Troubleshoot

Reviewer: To be consistent with other pages

```suggestion
### Troubleshooting
```

> For feedback, bug reports and enhancement suggestions, before opening an issue in Elyra's repository, please also check [existing debugger issues open in JupyterLab](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Apkg%3Adebugger).

Reviewer 2: Good idea to point this out! I think a small wording change might help, but I also struggled with this 😄 . Maybe the word issue could also be left out of the suggestion below? 

```suggestion
Before opening a bug report or enhancement suggestion issue for this feature in Elyra's repository, please also check [existing debugger issues open in JupyterLab](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Apkg%3Adebugger).
```

> - Interrupting the kernel while debugger is running does not trigger breakpoints on subsequent debug runs (same behavior in notebooks).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Interrupting the kernel while the debugger is running does not trigger breakpoints on subsequent debug runs (same behavior in notebooks).
```

Solution:

> Open `Running termninal and kernels` left side tab, find and select the relevant file path under `Kernels`, click the `x` button to shut down and reload the page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open the `Running terminal and kernels` tab on the left side, find and select the relevant file path under `Kernels`, and click the `x` button to shut down and reload the page.
```
